[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
ECHOES
[birds chirping]
-[children chattering]
-[dribbling]
[chair rocking]
[Jeremy sighs]
Odd, do you want my croissant?
No. I've got my own.
And I'm not that hungry.
-[Aelita, Jeremy, Ulrich] Me neither.
-[Sissi] How're you doing, losers?
Well, it looks like the lame-o club
is all depressed today.
That always happens when you show up!
-Very funny, Della Robbia!
-[Nicolas laughs]
Ulrich, honey, if there's anything
I can do to cheer you up,
-just say the word.
-[GPS locator beeps]
-[sinister music]
-Yeah, disappear.
No problem. Bye now.
[groans]
[Sissi scoffs]
Hey guys. Well, today's the day I guess.
Everyone ready?
Yeah.
Well then,
let's go and shut down the Supercomputer.
[metallic clanking]
[GPS locator beeping]
[beeping]
Bingo! Thanks to this mini GPS,
I am going to find out what Ulrich and
his dorky little gang's secret is at last.
[Nicolas nods]
[mechanical clanking]
[melancholic music]
[click]
Well, it'll all be over this time.
Do any of you want to say something?
[clears throat]
We've had our share of ups and downs,
hours of detention, hours of glory.
The five of us have
gotten used to life with Lyoko.
Now's it's time for a new life without it.
[swoosh]
[grunts]
[action music]
[buzzing]
[fans swooshing]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[blast]
[lasers blasting]
[explosion]
[whirring]
[blasting]
[zooming]
[rumbling]
[crash]
[lasers blasting]
[grunts]
[swishes]
[sighs]
Go on, Jeremy.
[tense music]
[groans]
I sure hope I'm not going to regret this
in a minute.
[computer powering up]
-[blast]
-[groans]
-[screen beeping]
-What's all this, a video game?
[Aelita groans]
[Aelita] Who… who are you? Where am I?
[Odd] XANA? What's that?
[Aelita] A super dangerous program,
like a virus
which can control electricity,
and that activates towers on Lyoko
to gain access to your world!
[Jeremy] Only Aelita can counter it
by deactivating
the tower that it uses
for attacks in the real world.
Aelita is linked to XANA.
We have to find a way to materialize her.
[whoosh]
[Jim] And this is your room. It's not
very big, but you'll like it here, Miss…
Stones… Aelita Stones.
[Aelita] I've already seen this house
in a dream.
[Jeremy] Aelita, you're the daughter
of Franz Hopper, the creator of Lyoko.
[Jeremy] XANA's escaped
from the Supercomputer!
With this virtual submarine, we'll be
able to track XANA on the network.
It's another virtual world just like
Lyoko, a replica created by XANA!
[Yumi] But for what?
It looks like some sort
of factory assembly line.
Yeah, but what do they assemble here?
[Jeremy] XANA's plan is to take control
of hundreds of Supercomputers
all over the world
in order to make an army of robots
to take over all of humanity!
Our only hope of destroying XANA
is my multi-agent system.
[swooshing]
[beeping]
[Jeremy] Aelita, we've done it!
XANA's been destroyed!
I'm sorry, but I can't.
What? Are you out of your mind?
What's wrong with you?
I can't shut it down.
You can't, Jeremy, or you won't?
I don't know.
Look, it's very simple.
We destroyed XANA, and now we have
to shut down this horrible machine.
What are the rest of you waiting for?
Tell him!
[everyone groans]
What is wrong with all of you?
Well, it's just that we all feel
a little shook up.
I can see that! Any suggestions?
I've got one. Why don't we take a vote
and see who does or doesn't
want to shut it down.
Sure, why not?
-[Aelita] Okay.
-[Odd] Okay.
[Jeremy] Who votes for?
[nods]
[groans]
[sighs]
-[beeping]
-So that's where they hang out.
The old abandoned factory
is their secret hiding place.
Let's go there now!
Not right away, dork!
If we go now, we'll run right into them.
I think I'll go over there
during gym class,
but you guys are going to have to find
some excuse for my being absent.
What do you want us to say?
I don't know. Just say the first thing
that pops into your head!
-[sad trombone]
-Okay.
[birds chirping]
[Jeremy] Hey.
[slurps]
I'm not in the mood to talk.
Good,
because it's me who wants to talk to you.
I wanted to explain why I voted
against shutting down the Supercomputer.
I'm not in the mood to hear that either.
Do you remember me when I came here?
The big brain of Kadic,
straight A computer genius,
and not one single friend.
I discovered Lyoko,
and everything changed for me.
I became a hero who could save the world.
Did you expect us to keep playing
super hero until we were 80?
It had to end some time!
I know, but I don't want to lose
what we've got together, our friendship.
[groans]
We're going to do everything we can
to find your dad, Aelita.
Fighting against XANA is my job.
No, Aelita…
-[Aelita gasps]
-It's our job.
[exhales]
Our friendship is directly linked
to the Supercomputer.
I'm afraid that if we shut it, it'll also
shut down our friendship down.
[bell ringing]
See you later. I've got gym.
[Yumi] Hold on!
I understand what you're feeling,
but you're wrong. Our friendship
is too strong to shut down.
[sighs]
[Jim] Abulabbas?
[Abulabbas] Present.
Belpois?
[Jim shouting] Belpois!
-[door creaks]
-Present!
Delmas?
-Where were you?
-With Yumi. I'll tell you later.
[shouting] Elisabeth Delmas!
[Jim] Does anyone know where Sissi is?
She ran into some aliens
and went totally crazy.
[students laugh]
Are you nuts or are you just dumb?
Aliens? And little green men like you,
Poliakoff?
After class, we'll go tell the principal
that his daughter's crazy.
And if she's not,
it's detention on planet Jim!
That was the first thing
that popped into my head.
[footsteps running]
[groans]
[Jim] Right. Today's lesson is in RSG.
No, RSG does not stand for
"Rough Sports Games" or for
"Raunchy Slobbering Gorilla"
or for "Reeking Stink of Garlic."
RSG means "Rhythmic Sportive Gymnastics,"
known today just as "Rhythmic Gymnastics."
Odd, can I ask you a question?
About RSG?
No, about the Supercomputer.
Why'd you vote not to shut it down?
-I was afraid of missing--
-Missing what?
The fighting, the adventure,
the heroics…
all that fun stuff.
[swoosh]
[whirring]
[blasts]
[action music]
[lasers blasting]
[screams]
[screaming]
Yahoo!
[explosion]
[swooshing]
[scraping]
[screaming]
[grunts]
-[lasers blasting]
-[screaming]
Laser arrow!
Without Lyoko, life's going to be awfully
boring, don't you think so?
Boring?
Finally having the time for music and
sports is not exactly what I call boring.
[swooshing]
[screaming]
[cheering]
Way to go, Odd. Nice one!
Okay, point for you.
It's true, I know how to have fun
when I have the time.
And you'll also have more time
to find new girlfriends.
All the girls are crazy about me already.
I don't need any extra time.
-[Odd] Hi.
-I thought I told you
never to talk to me again!
-[groans]
-[Magali clears throat]
How dare you lie to everyone
and say that I'm love with Jim!
[groans]
-[Magali slaps Odd]
-[Odd screams]
[Magali] Try that again and even your dog
won't recognize you next time!
-[swoosh]
-[groans]
I know all about Claire.
You are so despicable!
[groans]
Odd! I know all about Magali!
-You sneaky rat!
-[swoosh]
[groans]
Now that you mention it,
a little extra time wouldn't hurt.
You're right. That's two points for you.
[Jim] Stern! Della Robbia!
If this lesson is disturbing your little
private conversation, please let me know!
We're sorry, Jim.
[groans]
Okay, my first demonstration…
One, two…
[whoosh]
My sciatica! I'm stuck.
I can't straighten up and it hurts.
[groans]
[Ulrich and Odd laugh]
Rusty squeaking gym teacher.
So that's what RSG stands for, huh?
[straining] Stern, Della Robbia,
to the principal's office right now!
[beeping]
[groans]
[Odd] By the way, Ulrich, what about you?
Why didn't you want to shut
the Supercomputer down?
And don't give Jim's
"I'd rather not talk about it" routine.
[groans]
[beeping]
[tires screech]
[lasers blasting]
[whoosh]
[grunts]
[mechanical clanking]
[blast]
[tire skids]
[swishing]
[thud]
I like being a hero.
[nods]
I wonder what this is all about.
-[computer beeps]
-[Sissi] Let's see now.
The Diary of Jeremy Belpois.
Very interesting.
[click]
[screen beeps]
The Diary of Jeremy Belpois, student at
Kadic Academy, eighth grade, October 9th.
A few weeks ago, I was looking
for parts to finish my miniature robots.
-[groans]
-[screen distorts]
I discovered a sort of data processing
complex with a lab and scanners.
Most of all,
a totally incredible computer!
[distortion]
Tonight, even though I'm scared stiff,
I‘ve decided to start up the computer.
I hope everything goes okay.
[bell ringing]
[William] Yumi, wait up!
Is it a done deal?
Did you shut it down?
No, not yet. The others aren't ready.
But… That's crazy!
[William] Did they forget how dangerous
the Supercomputer is?
[whoosh]
William, are you okay?
[groans]
Of course they know how dangerous
it is, but they're just too nostalgic.
And you're not?
No, I think life without Lyoko's
going to be different, but okay.
So you're exactly like me.
You're an eternal optimist.
Not when it's a lost cause.
See you around, pretty boy.
XANA managed to broadcast
this deadly music.
Aelita deactivated the tower,
before everyone in the city was wiped out.
The principal was possessed by XANA.
But everything turned out just fine.
Interesting anecdote: Sissi helped us out,
and kissed Ulrich on the bridge.
I what?
XANA's attacking all the time.
We're too busy to think about school.
I suggested that we recruit
William Dunbar into our group,
but Yumi absolutely refuses.
[gasps]
-[fast forward]
-Yumi, Ulrich and Odd
were able to save Lyoko,
but William is gone, and I think for good.
Today XANA possessed Sissi,
his new victim.
-She almost killed my cousin.
-[gasps]
There are giant roots in the park.
Krabs are attacking the school.
We have to save Lyoko!
The Earth is in danger!
No!
We just have to wait for Delmas
to finish chewing out Ulrich and Odd.
Jeremy, I wanted to talk to you
about the Supercomputer.
-I…
-No need to explain, Aelita.
I know exactly why you voted
the way you did.
[exhales]
If we shut down the machine,
it means saying goodbye to my past…
and to my father.
["Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" playing]
[Aelita] Daddy!
I'm going up to my room.
[tires screech]
-[Man in black] Come out of there!
-[Aelita groans]
[Franz Hopper] See you in a minute, honey.
-See you in a minute, Daddy.
-[metal grating]
[metal grating]
[dramatic music]
[gasps]
[Franz Hopper] You mustn't forget me…
[Franz Hopper] ever. Never forget, Aelita.
[panting]
[animals howling]
-Daddy!
-Aelita!
Daddy!
We've so much catching up to do,
and there's so little time.
[swish]
[blast]
[screaming]
[crash]
[grunts]
[screen beeping]
[keys clicking]
[beeping]
[action music]
[groans]
[swoosh]
[whooshing]
All of this was so terrible…
and great at the same time.
But…
But now, it's time to move on
to something new?
Yes… Something more carefree.
[sighs]
I'm starting to think
that way too, Aelita.
You know it's really crazy.
When you think of all we did, and no one
is ever gong know anything about it.
I know everything,
and wait until I tell my father!
And so, if I understand correctly,
you said that RSG stood
for "Rusty Squeaking Jim."
Gym teacher with a "G," not "J" for Jim.
Thank you for the clarification
but that's… just as bad.
-[Sissi] Daddy!
-[Ulrich and Odd groan]
Elisabeth, you've already had an eighteen
month advance on your allowance,
and I refuse to give you another cent.
And you interrupted me as I was scolding
Stern and Della Robbia!
You shouldn't scold them, you should
lock all of them up! They're lunatics!
-They put the whole world in danger.
-[door opens]
-[woman] You can't go in there…
-[Aelita and Jeremy] We have to…
Aha! Jeremy!
Who's the smart one now?
Now that I'm onto your little secret!
Don't feel like making fun of me now,
do you, Odd?
Elisabeth, that is enough!
Listen to me, I'm serious!
For months, they've been fighting
a dangerous computer program
in a virtual universe! They put
their own lives in danger and ours' too!
[Sissi] Because of them, the school
-was invaded by swarms of hornets,
-[Ulrich and Odd gasp]
killer crows and even
a deadly giant teddy bear!
Even you, my sweet little daddy,
were possessed by the program!
You even fought against Ulrich
on the bridge to the old factory.
Luckily, I was there,
and I was able to knock you out that time,
but other times, I could have been killed!
I was violently attacked by electric
cables! I almost drowned in the elevator,
and then, a crazy teacher possessed
my body
so he could have a long
conversation with them!
Don't you understand
what I'm trying to say?
[Sissi screaming] No, not the infirmary!
Let me go. You have to go to the factory!
Yes darling, later.
Right now, you obviously need some rest…
A great deal of rest!
XANA and his robot army are going
to destroy the planet!
[groans]
Looks like that poor kid, Sissi,
really is off her rocker.
I apologize, Poliakoff.
[titters sarcastically]
Where'd you run off to?
Where are the others?
At the factory. Jeremy's got to launch
a return to the past. The last one.
How about you, Ulrich? Still against
shutting down the Supercomputer?
Well, I honestly don't know.
Oh, yes you do.
-[swoosh]
-[groaning]
[panting]
[action music]
[scraping]
-[screaming]
-[Ulrich] Gotcha!
[swooshing]
Here. A little birthday gift.
[romantic music]
Thanks, Ulrich. That's very sweet.
[smooch]
And don't forget that Yumi and I
are just good friends.
Are you sure?
Well actually, I'm not sure at all.
I guess you thought that maybe if we had
a fight, I'd think about you all the time.
You don't need that to get my attention.
[smooch]
Good night.
It's been so great,
I just don't want it to end.
There'll be plenty of other good times,
even without Lyoko.
Promise?
I swear.
[keys clicking]
Return to the past now!
[swoosh]
Hey lame-os, what's up?
You want my croissant, Sissi?
I'd rather kiss your dog!
-Ulrich honey, how's it going?
-Better without your GPS locator.
What are you talking about?
Sissi, cut it out!
We don't have any secrets.
And if you want to stay friends with us,
just stop trying to mess us up.
You mean… We're really friends?
[Jeremy] Why sure.
[Odd] Yeah,
school would be so boring without you.
Oh… Well see you later, good buddies.
As for you, don't let me catch either
of you dorks trying to mess my friends up!
[both groan]
Yumi, nice to see you!
-Well, are you guys ready?
-[Odd] Yep.
[everyone nods]
And now, who's in favour of shutting down
the Supercomputer?
[sighs]
[click]
[computer powering down]
[whirring]
[bang]
[Jim] Well, if it isn't
the fantastic five.
What kind of trouble are you up to now?
Oh, nothing at all.
We just closed the book
on an unforgettable,
adventure-filled life
of heroism and danger.
Yeah…
We've all been there, Della Robbia.
You know, one fine day, I also gave up
my teenage dreams to become an adult.
No kidding! You're actually an adult?
I'd rather not talk about it.
So long!
[swish]
[swoosh]
[theme music]